LE-299: Create Bulletin Board Usage Documentation (#116)
leapfrogtechnology/bulletin-board: USAGE.md

# USAGE

## Bulletin Dashboard

> Bulletin dashboard is where we add adding new bulletins, update the bulletins, remove bulletin, change bulletin status to active (shows bulletin segment) or inactive (hide bulletin segment), change the bulletin priority (drag the bulletin to change which segments will be shown first).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bulletin dashboard is where we can perform CRUD operation to the bulletins. In addition to this, we can also set  status of bulletin: active (shows bulletin segment) or inactive (hide bulletin segment) and change the bulletin priority by dragging the bulletin up or down based on the priority list.
```

**Note: Changes will take some time to appear on the Bulletin Screen (normally 15 min), which is shown on top of bulletin Dashboard page**

### Table Of Contents

- [Add New Entry](#add-new-entry)

>   - [Adding Website/YouTube/Images/Videos](#adding-website/youtube/images/videos)

Reviewer: This link doesnot seem to work. Please verify from your side too

Author: Thanks for checking it out dai, it was working in local. It has been fixed.
